[Music]
Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Stocks across the
Asia-Pacific on the back foot to kick
off a well fairly busy week. As far as
markets go, traders are sweating whether
the Fed will deliver a widely
anticipated rate cut.
>> US China talks in Spain head for a
second day as Beijing takes aim at US
chips. Tik Tok also in focus with a
clock running out on a deal over its US
operations.
>> And Chinese stocks coming off their best
year in half a year as traders looking
for fresh catalysts for August economic
data and due in the next hour.
[Music]
Good morning. Happy Monday. Fresh
trading week ahead. We have a
to underscore the point that we've over
obsessed with to date, a uh central bank
extravaganza ahead. Of course, Bank of
England, the BOJ. Um Oh, I haven't
mentioned a Fed. Oh, there we go. Okay.
Asia-Pacific benchmark. We're closed in
Japan today. So, we're looking at the ex
Japan gauge. Although that being said,
of course, a lot of strands in there to
to note. 410 to 1% over in South Korea.
Market is coming in Taiwan. We'll talk
more about the chipped um investigations
going on of course as it pertains to
China of course as far as South Korea
goes the big story there was uh
authorities and regulators scrapping
this plan uh to raise CGT of course
we'll get to that in a moment of course
Fed unchanged I mean the other side
really to a you know an S&P at these
levels is really a VIX that is has
remained chained to 15 in fact VIX
futures are coming up on your screens
the dollar which has been weaker
although that said if you take a look at
the chart of about two or 3 months or so
that rally is actually stalled to the
downside. Right? We have been rangebound
at the bottom. What will be the catalyst
if any for further uh bond selling?
Again, gold futures are coming off a
little bit after just last week. Of
course, the big headline there is gold
topping its 1980 inflation adjusted
peak. Right. Going into the open today,
we just mentioned at the top of the
show, Chinese markets are coming off the
best week on MSEI China specifically. Uh
going back to early March golden dragon
index on Friday couple of stocks we're
tracking going into the open today. Of
course the big one while the other big
story today of course is is well this
week is Hai listing and the debut here
in Hong Kong will be tracking by you of
course going into the open today. The
other thing I want to mention not on
your screens is 10 cent about an hour
back the company just putting out this
information here. More on this in a
moment that it is looking to raise money
in the barn markets for the first time.
Thank you so much. in four years it's
now pointed backs to start well calling
people effectively uh and we'll see what
the deal is all about and we'll see how
large the deal actually is. In fact,
here's here's the first plug of the week
for you guys as we look into the futures
trade today. Our taking stock piece
today really talks about how this
red-hot equity market has really been a
boon for fundraising, right? Whether
that's Alibaba, we talked about that.
Tencent of course is a debt capital
market start to fund the growth story
ahead. K50 futures are flat going into
the open today and of course
conversations around bond buying
question mark. We'll talk more about the
10-year yield uh in a moment. 11 days of
course of southbound flows. I haven't
even mentioned data that's a big one.
Okay.
>> And we'll see right if the data does
anything right we're expecting some
weakness when it comes to that August
print whether is the data dump the home
price data that comes out the bottom of
this hour as well. So that certainly is
the next thing to watch. But you know it
will it just add to this dichconomy of
of weak macro and actually liquidity
field markets. That certainly is uh set
to be the case here today. Day two of of
course Madrid talks there. Uh we'll see
what happens and does it set us up for
some sort of Beijing summit ahead of
that APEG meeting uh in South Korea.
That's the key focus there for the
market. We talked about the data dump uh
that JP Morgan potark call. So
downgrading the stock to neutral. We'll
talk it through that but upgrading CL to
overweight as well. Southbound flows as
Dave mentioned there. And we're focusing
on chips. We're focusing on the auto
sector here this morning. But yeah, it
brings us to kind of a lot at at stake
this week, right? When you talk about
what the global 36-hour central bank
spree that we're going to see, right? I
think it's like half of the world's top
traded currencies are going to be
reacting to some big central bank
decisions already.
>> Yeah. And you know, as far as the Fed
goes, right, we're fully priced for the
cut.
And I think our preview piece on that
really outlines it very nicely. Will
they push back on what else is priced
for the year which is closer to three
whether that's data dependent
>> and deep into 2026 enough to some say
even fend off a recession. So is JPL
going to push back on that in some ways
because I think from a trader
perspective I think this cut is
basically a done deal. It's really how
many more they're going to see and the
dots are going to be very quite crucial
this time around. Yeah, we'll watch that
very closely. As you can see, of course,
it's central bank extravaganza and uh
really where you will be getting great
decisions this week as far as that's
concerned. We talked about Japan, of
course, that's towards the end of this
week, I believe, as well. Uh the other
thing we want to talk about is of course
we're now uh we we we're coming up the
best week for equity markets in
>> uh in China in about 6 months or so. And
what that's done is that's actually
lifted it underscores the rerating that
this market has applied on on this
market. And I think we're now trading at
12 times earnings. And I think JP Morgan
will be coming on the show and he'll be
talking about what part of the market
rally looks frothy. What do you chase
>> because at some point you'll be looking
for earnings, right? To bring this ratio
back down.
>> Wendy L did mention in this latest note,
right? Anti-involution and how it's
making way through, you know, earnings
and the like. she's starting to see
things revert a little bit whether it's
you know discounts in in the auto sector
solar you know e-commerce for example
where you're starting to see a little
bit of of recovery there and things are
looking better since July so that's
certainly why but I think Winnie Woo
from Bank of America just a few days ago
did mention right AI is going to be
what's going to lead to rerating in in
stocks overall and I think Alibaba has
been really front and center in that and
they're becoming the leader really in
this whole AI race in China
>> yeah and that's really one we're
tracking going into the open today
because that trade is backed right BAT
BU Alibab and now 10 cent of course
given the fundraising there and of
course the other thing today is we're
it's now day two of the trade talks
coming through Tik Tok and of course
Madrid uh they spoke on Sunday and we'll
see whether that conversation gains even
further traction putting us maybe on
track here for late October perhaps
early November we'll see whether or not
how how busy we'll be at that point in
time speaking of that top story let's
get to that right now so you have these
meetings of course covering uh issues
uh wide-ranging issues, trade, Tik Tok,
uh the fate of Tik Tok in the US. You
have President Trump saying the talks
are going fine, but that the fates of
the company, Tik Tok specifically, will
be determined by Beijing's actions.
>> They're negotiating Tik Tok right now.
We may let it die or we may I don't
know. It depends. Up to China. It
doesn't matter too much. I'd like to uh
do it for the kids that like it. I mean,
selfishly speaking, I did very well in
Tik Tok and I got the youth vote.
All right, let's bring in Stephen Engel,
our chief North Asia correspondent here
about what we know about give us more
context and of course the trade
conversations uh day two today. Yeah, I
think the big question is why was Tik
Tok pushed to sort of the top of the
agenda at least for the United States
because there's a deadline uh of this
week where uh they need to find a deal.
They need to find a US partner, a buyer
basically and China needs to as well
agree to sell the US division of u you
know Tik Tok. Thank you very much. Uh
and so the clock is ticking. It's also
something that could potentially be a
deliverable um for an upcoming meeting
between she and Trump. Uh and it's a
fairly easy deal compared to any major
progress on the trade front or on
national security issues which were also
on the agenda of the talks uh yesterday
and again today in Madrid. So in lie of
major progress on the trade front and
tariffs aside from perhaps another
extension keep in mind uh that uh latest
extension expires November 20 November
10th November 10th so be after any
potential meeting between she and Trump
whether it's on the sidelines of APEC
and Korea at the end of next month maybe
in between Azen and APEC or in China
itself um there needs to be groundwork
laid for that trip for both leaders to
have some sort of deliverable. Yeah.
Right. So, Tik Tok, I think, has
probably been pushed up because of the
deadline this week, whether it's going
to be put kicked down the road or
whether they're going to announce some
sort of deal or as Donald Trump just
said, we might just let it die, right?
Um that's not really a great
deliverable, right? Uh to those voter
voters that he just cited, right?
>> And the talks could have gotten off to a
rocky start with China announcing two
investigations into the US semiconductor
industry. What details do we have of
that?
>> Yeah, that's right. So, ahead of these
talks in Spain, you had first of all,
you had the United States adding 32
companies, including 23 Chinese
companies, to its so-called entities
list, which you you gain entry to that
list if your company actions are deemed
to be counter US foreign policy or the
interest of national security. Uh so
they added 23 new Chinese companies
including Shanghai Foudan uh micro
electronics and also SinoIC technology
among others. Um and then the US did
that action and then Saturday before the
talk started you saw China basically
announced the ministry of commerce
announced two new investigations. One an
anti-dumping probe into certain US-made
analog IC chips. uh they're not the
highest end technology, but they're in
everything from electric vehicles and
smartphones to medical imaging, lots of
different products. So, that could
potentially be a bugaboo for USChina
relations. But then there's a broader
investigation also been launched, uh
anti-discrimination investigation into
US moves against the Chinese chip
sector. So, we'll have to see what that
actually entails. Uh but again it could
have gotten off to a rough start but in
the end
meeting with Scott Besson and Jameson
Greer the US trade representative for
more or almost six hours and again Scott
Besson essentially at talks ended
yesterday gave a indication that talks
would resume first thing in the morning
Monday. All right, Steve. Thank you,
Stephen. Our chief Malaysia
correspondent there with the latest. And
coming up, we're going to dive into the
markets outlook with, of course, Wendy
Lou, Jamie Morgan's chief China equity
strategist as well, talking all things
anti-evolution,
consumption, overseas expansion, and the
like there with our latest report. We're
counting down the opens of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. This
is the China Show.
[Music]
All right. Uh we're coming off a big
week uh from Chinese markets. Last week
we were up four four or 5% on MEI China.
And of course as it pertains to some of
the benchmarks on shore, I think we're
still near 10 year highs on the Shanghai
comp. We're near three four year highs
on the CSI China next index. MSEI China
26,000 in change of course in the
hanging index. Yeah. So what's next?
Activity numbers earnings once we're
well we're done with the earning season
once we look ahead of course what what
happens here. How do we look at
valuations is the point at this point in
time. Wendy Leo is joining us right now
chief China equity strategist at JP
Morgan to just help map out this this
week for us. Wendy, nice to see you. And
yeah, I mean who have who have been the
buyers of this the recent leg of of the
rally? Are there foreign is there
foreign participation now?
>> I guess is a question there.
>> We look at the flows there essentially
two types of uh dynamics. One is the
onshore the other one is offshore and
you could see that offshore continue to
cover their underweights. Um so there
are four types of major funds that have
uh exposure to China because the
benchmark to MSCI uh indices and among
the four of them EM has been narrowing
the underweight the earliest
>> em funds
>> yeah they have been very early I think
Asia related uh funds regional funds
they've been rapidly narrowing that
underway global actually has done a lot
I think it's simple for global because
you only need five to six stocks and
they tend to know which those stocks
are. Yep.
>> And what's been lagging based on EPFR
data for end of July has been global XUS
where the benchmark is about you know
8%ish and so you need more than four
five six stocks uh that's taking a
little bit longer and in the aggregate
it's about 4.6 6 trillion AUM and where
China's weight is about, you know, 8%.
Okay.
>> Eight plus.
>> So, you're still expecting a CSI 300 has
room to be have 20% returns by the end
of 2026.
How do we get there?
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Wait, is it 20 20 from now or 20?
>> End of 2026.
>> From the start of this year.
>> Okay. Okay. From this year, I think it's
more likely to be a bit of a
consolidation because the earnings. So
we look at the earnings estimate. Um CSI
300 actually has a little bit of
downside possibly for 2025.
Um the top down estimate is at about 8%
8 to 9% for this year. Bottom up index
weighted is more like 14. And then the
run rate based on Q1 and Q2 that's 9%
and 3%. So whichever they need to hit
there's a lot of room to cover. But if I
look at the FTM forward 12 months EPS,
it's up six% visav uh September of last
year's level. So it's a push out of
earnings into 2026.
Um and it's very clear in 2Q results all
the sectors with evolution they did um
have um undesirable
results. uh quick commerce, home
delivery platform being one, logistic
being another one, auto being a major
ones um and liquor also. But then since
the anti-evolution call policy pivot on
July 1st, pricing started to recover. So
that does give people some confidence
that by 2026 the numbers are not going
to be that bad. So that you know 20
plus% upside um is based on hitting
consensus number. Okay. Um and at the
peak of the uh cycle generally the PE
will be at two standard deviation above
the 10-year mean. So with that we can
get to 5330
on CSI um
>> uh 300. And so that's the mess. Uh but I
think way beyond two standard deviation
is difficult to do.
>> And right now I think the market's kind
of ahead of what the JP Morgan
quantitative macro indicator uh would
suggest that it should be. And so I
think people are waiting for macro data
to come in and earnings to come in.
>> Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I mean the the
anti-involution exercise
is is starting to become a slow burn
rather than a big big bazooka. I mean to
your point right the earnings are
starting to move but we might have to
wait 16 18 months before that actually
shows up. What specific sectors do you
think will lead that that that 20% going
into going into the end of next year?
Where where will earnings start to
recover quicker than others?
>> Yeah. So the one sector uh that has
responded already with EPS upgrade has
been materials and materials have been
the single biggest beneficiary of
anti-evolutionary. So we like to look at
gigs level two return um year to date
best is uh biotech
>> but then right after that is materials
and within materials um there are two
bucket the one bucket is related to the
renewables the other bucket is related
to the property ecosystem and the
renewables have responded the best. So
these are the batteries um uh solar
related poly silicon um and then um you
know related um materials for example
and so people do see the renewables as
having a better combination of topline
growth profile and then if there's less
production less investment uh then
pricing could recover more so I I think
that's what's driving the favor able
view for this side of the uh material
space for the property uh proxies and
plus some of the macro sensitive uh
verticals like coal and steel and and
then uh cement etc. I think there is
appetite for things to recover but um
overwhelming secular trend is still weak
>> and which is the next one to watch you
after materials.
>> Yeah.
>> In this whole
>> anti
the couple sectors have been hurt a lot.
One is logistics and the logistic uh ASP
uh in July and August the decline
year-over-year has narrowed. So that's
one thing. Um and within the broader
consumer space, the bigger one is
clearly the quick delivery uh platform.
Yeah. Uh but I think companies are
making decisions for their strategic
goals, their market shares in a couple
years time. Uh but if there are signs of
reduced competition, that's going to
have very large market impact and there
are smaller segments like dairy uh
liquor. So competing over price and
grabbing market share has been this um
standard approach for competition in
China and anti-evolution is just a
mindset shift um in favor of return on
investment because it's an exgrowth
world and so I actually think the next
decade will be about consolidation so
the topline growth will come from stable
ASP and market share uh so it's quite
different these what we had before.
>> Well, I mean, is that another way of
saying earnings won't be as relevant is
won't P be as relevant because it's an X
growth world because right now, and I'm
going to mention some names. You don't
have to talk about them specifically,
but you know, I can think of MTOAN for
example, one case, you have BYD in
another. The markets seem to be looking
at those plays and saying, you know,
gone were the days where you pick the
number one in that sector and that's
enough to give you alpha, right? Clearly
markets are moving beyond the top one or
two names and saying the top one or two
names in fact might take a back seat to
this conversation around competition. So
how do I now look at who the possible
winners are in an you know exgrowth sort
of context.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I think there are situations
where competition come from outside the
current vertical
>> and there are situations where the
pricing power across the supply chain
may change. Um so those are the things
to to be focused on and I think
critically is looking at whether the
company can produce the revenue that can
allow earning uh to come through um and
there are regulatory shifts I think in
the auto sector people do pay attention
to uh will the subsidy continue right uh
what's going to happen to the vehicle
purchase taxes uh are there going to be
some sort of equalization between the
and EVs and ICEs. I think there are a
lot of unanswered questions. Uh but
there are segments within this broad
auto space which seem to be more
resilient and more poised to benefit. So
I think it's relative pricing power um
and and revenue growth.
>> Wendy, we'll have more from Wendy Lou
from JP Morgan there and some of her top
picks coming up as well. In terms of the
premarket, we are seeing futures
slightly to the upside here today on
this Monday morning as we countd down to
some key data. home prices in about 7
minutes or so and that data dump at the
top of the hour. We got plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we're tracking of course tech
stocks here in general. Tenscent is up
slightly here. So we're hearing that
they have appointed some banks for his
first bond sale in four years. Not sure
the amount, but certainly is another one
joining in in terms of the tech space
and raising money. Take a look at
PopMart though. Interesting call from JP
Morgan now downgrading it to neutral and
cutting its price target to 300. Now
they're saying lack of catalyst now. I
think four of the seven or seven that
they had where we've originally reached
most of them. The other last three
according to Kevin Y and his team is is
now a bit harder to say because there's
not just low visibility right now, but
overall price for perfection they say
for the stock rank.
>> Release of animation is the fourth.
Launch of Laboo 4.0 is number five
>> and the introduction of interactive toys
is number seven.
>> Yeah. So it's Yeah. Price for perfection
is one. So any any small bad news might
be treated as a big deal, right? When it
comes to many lubusoos in the secondary
market where prices are sinking some 20%
or so, right? Um so certainly I want to
watch shares down some 3% here today and
watching the chip space. So the Huah
Hongs smons
here today. There you go. Uh China
started that probe targeting the US chip
sector here that seems to be helping
some of these domestic players. We
mentioned Silergy listed in Taiwan that
was also up substantially this morning
as well.
>> Yeah, we're seeing 10% of that. The
opening bell is just a hedge just over
three minutes away. Keep it here with
us. This is the China show. Good
morning.
[Music]
Right. Good morning. Uh and you know
what? It's a beautiful beautiful weather
on the weekend. Beautiful weather in
Shanghai here in Hong Kong. Uh it
reminds me of that, you know, the month,
the calendar month actually is a good
indication of that, right? The earth,
wind and fire, right? September. Um
people on the beach, bit of earth,
people out on their boats, bit of wind.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh people out exercising and is
humidity, bit of fire.
>> You think about it that way. And will J
Powell give us something to remember
this very first night of September?
>> Do you remember? Yeah. Um, yes, it's a
great buzz. It's my It's my favorite one
uh of the year, obviously. But, um,
>> there's a lot hanging on whether he's
going to push back on the market
pricing, right? I believe markets right
now are pricing in a a cut every single
meeting up until the end of the year and
deep into 2026. So, what are the dots
going to show? That's going to be a big
crucial point for the market here. And
really, is he doing it because he wants
to fulfill that dual mandate? Be says
no, not really. It's maybe in some ways
to appease uh the government in some
ways uh when it comes to where they want
and you know a Fed that potentially
could be leaning more on the doubbish
side as well. And take a look at how
onore markets are doing and we're doing
decently well. We're up about a third of
1%. uh you know as as Dave mentioned the
CSI 300 we did reach the best week in
six months last MSI China sorry MSI
China thank you for correcting me but
yes so offshore markets were doing quite
well that is thanks of course to the
likes of Alibaba and the tech space
there all week talking about this whole
uh you know raising money in the market
and tapping the market and the like so
there you go uh right now we're focusing
on CL shares they're up 7% JP Morgan
coming out with a downgrade uh for the
stock overall we'll talk about that a
little bit later on but the domestic
chip players are doing quite well the
likes of Cambercon We talked about
syllergy that's listed uh in Taiwan as
well. SMIC Huah Hong on the back of
China announcing this probe on US
semiconductor chips as well. So here is
Hong Kong doing less favorably. We're
down about a third of 1% here today. HST
is slightly on offer. So not huge moves,
but you're seeing the likes of BYU is
down 2 and a half% or so. Muan is
slightly to the downside there, but the
eight shares of CL are doing quite well.
We're up some 5%. similar to what we saw
in the ash shares. Uh so certainly
that's certainly one thing to watch.
>> Yeah. So raised over away from JP Morgan
that's certainly one maybe potential
catalyst there as well. Uh PopMart could
be the other story, right? So what we
saw from JP Morgan also downgrading the
stock to neutral saying you know
basically it's been priced to perfection
and any sort of incremental news bad
news could maybe lead to a trigger for
the stock to downside here today just
given the fact that we've already seen
most of the catalysts materialize. Maybe
there's like three more that could be a
bit harder to attain. So there you go.
Price at $300
right now. Uh we talked about China chip
stocks. So certainly that's one part in
the market that still continues to do
well. There you go. SJ Micro is up 20%
on the back of this probe and
investigation that China has as we of
course countd down to day two of US
China trade talks in Spain. And does
that lead to some sort of meeting
between President Trump and she at APEC?
Even before that, will we see some sort
of Beijing summit where Trump heads to
the mainland before APEC?
>> Yeah. Okay. Um,
>> auto stocks. Sorry.
>> Yeah, we're looking at auto stocks
because so on I think it was out on the
weekend. Let me just look at that
statement here coming through. So as the
market tries to keep up with the this
this lengthening list of sectors where
there is some version of the
anti-involution campaign that is set to
set to take hold. China plans to
stabilize the car industry growth. That
was a statement coming out of the
Ministry of Industry, MIIT effectively
hidden below this and part of the
details is regulators will conditionally
approve the production of level three
autonomous vehicles otherwise known as
conditional automation. It's one to
watch on the back of I think news in
recent weeks and the big one was BYD
cutting their annual sales target. Uh
because of I guess with a few months
left it doesn't look like they'll need
almost near perfect if not perfect
fourth quarter to be able to beat those
goals. Uh we we'll talk more about this
later, right? Okay. Um home price
numbers coming through. This is for
August and we're looking at.3%.
That's month which is similar to the
drop that we had back in July. in fact
slightly smaller. If you want to look at
the more encouraging side of this, the
July print was.31.
This one was negative.3.
Uh, and this all comes ahead of the
activity numbers which should be out in
about 27 minutes or not. So, in other
words, no change as far as this specific
story um is uh concerned. Okay. Um,
other things we want to talk about here.
Let's have a look at some of these
markets too. Okay. Can we get a preview
guys? Uh, do we have a preview graphic?
I want to talk about the activity
numbers that are coming through at the
top of the next hour. Right. So, our
folks at Bloomberg Economics actually
think that they're actually way below
median on the retail sales number. So,
they actually think there there's going
to be substantial payback there.
>> Yeah. You know, it seems like things
might look better headline speaking, but
I think underneath the hood, that's the
thing that they need to worry more
about. So, certainly that brings us to a
lot of discussion about this whole
consumption trade that we're seeing
across these markets, right? emotional
sort of economy or emotional sort of
consumption people say right uh that
seems to be where we're still seeing
bright spots uh in the consumption space
>> it's a trillion dollar retail market
right so as you know markets and I think
it depends who you ask if you ask your
traditional
dollar-based overseas investor if
they're looking what draws them to the
Chinese market it used to be growth
should it still be growth
>> as as the main catalyst there because if
you ask domestic funds they're really
playing on thematics AI high
anti-involution. So, people are making
money in this market and foreign
investors might be looking at the wrong
metrics here when they look at whether
or not to to get into this Chinese
market.
>> Yeah. Wendy Louu, she's still with us,
chief China equity strategist at G
Morgan. So, yeah, you know, how do you
see is that what Dave mentioned there
that, you know, foreign investors are
maybe kind of missing the picture here
when there are so many different themes
out there
>> to really sink your teeth into this
market?
>> Yeah, I think that's right on the money.
I think uh for asset allocators uh that
need to look at the macro and assess
what are the risk on the macro level you
know the property drag and then growth
is it further softening is it going to
stabilize uh macro numbers are very
important and that's probably preventing
uh uh some of the investors from more
assertive allocation um but I think for
the active investors sematic investors
this has to be a tremendous this
opportunity uh because relative to the
quality um valuation isn't that
expensive.
>> Yeah.
>> The you were making we were having this
conversation during the break. You're
making comparisons to 2015. Well, most
in the market have been making
comparisons to to to 2015 and you saying
that's that's really not the best way to
gauge whether or not there are signs of
overexuberance in this market. Tell us
tell us why that's not a good
comparison. Um I was covering the market
back in 2015. It was just a mad bull
market. This one is very different. It's
very much institutional driven. Um so we
track the onshore flows quite a bit and
the flows that represent insurance
purchases and national team purchase
tends to come in at 12 and they've been
selling uh year to date. they've been
you know the flow we could see and the
trimming has started as you know
throughout this uh quarter. Um so retail
back in 2015 was unharnessed
and this time is harnessed. So retail is
very very powerful and they tend to come
in at the tail end of any rally. Um so
the trick is to temper that enthusiasm
and so this rally
>> so the bull market doesn't end.
Um yeah and so I I think given that
institutions care about macro data care
about EPS uh so I think this sort of a
rally will be more step-like you know be
calibrated on the fundamentals so I
think it's becoming a more mature market
and back to the metrics wouldn't be
looking at margin as margin bias percent
of turnover uh visav 2015 it's really x
2015 15. So we know that if it's 11% 12%
then you know it became overbought and
it pulls back and which is what happened
since and August.
>> Uh we mentioned this whole kind of
market of consumption new consumption
for example you said you focus on more
experime experience type of of
consumption. Why? Um so we know the
younger generation they like um to
consume uh but they also seek out things
that are more content driven. Okay. So
concerts they've been gravitating toward
that travel they've been gravitating
toward that digital content and that's
really benefited home entertainment
space and the Macau space and this seems
to be continuing. I think that has
somewhat to do with the social media.
you go to a concert, you post it on
Instagram or you know and then then it's
a a way to build the uh fan circle. Um
and then it's also about supply and
demand. Um in analyzing US PCE breakdown
and Chinese urban and township
consumption X the FX conversion there's
not that much difference between US and
China township. Okay. urban
>> on food, clothing, housing, even the
differences are in the service sector.
Um so uh you would have education uh
entertainment culture where things are
different but given that there is a
public service angle um to housing
education and then healthcare we wanted
to seek out where things are scarce in
supply and invest in those. Um, so we
kind of stayed away from investing in
merchandise but investing more in
experience-based names. And the other
thing to check out on the merchandise is
looking at what China export to the US
and what China consumes at home. And
there are three categories where the
ratio of export visav home market
consumption is just too high. uh
electronics, appliances, what China
export to the US in 24 is 100% of what
it sells at home,
>> right?
>> And the other one is furniture. So the
furniture and furnishing space also at
100%. And it's been struggling quite a
bit. And then lastear, footwear,
apparel. So so I just don't see
tremendous pricing power for those three
sectors given the supply dynamics. uh
but on culture, education, entertainment
related sectors, I think there's scope
for volume growth and ASP increases.
>> Okay. So the where you have the high
ratio to your point, things like
footwear for example, high ratio of
exports to domestic consumption, those
are that's a good metric for consumption
just to clarify conceptually what that
means. So when I look at supply and
demand on those teams and look at it
domestically. So you mentioned services
things like that where are those names
more are they listed offshore or are
they more a share marketplace for for
asset allocators?
>> Um I think Macau clearly listed here.
Yeah. Okay.
>> Um and then education is listed in US
and also here. healthc care services
there are quite a few listed onshore and
then uh entertainment and media uh more
of them way more of them are listed
here. Okay.
>> Yeah. In Hong Kong and US. Yeah.
>> There we go. Uh Wendy, thank you so
much. Uh that was Wendy's way of dancing
around the actual names but yeah
effectively telling us we know what you
know what those names are. There we go.
You can simply look at those markets. Uh
Wendy, thank you so much. chief China
equity strategist there at JP Morgan. So
in about
what is it 18 minutes and 10 seconds we
should be getting the activity numbers
coming through and subscribers can also
turn to the terminal for more on this
TLV go a blog will be ongoing shortly if
not already uh commentary analysis and
context around the breaking numbers
which are set to come out of course in
about 18 minutes or so. So we'll be back
shortly take a short break. See you in a
while. This is one bird.
[Music]
>> Good. It seems like you're there.
>> Happy talk about the I don't think
there's anything on
>> All right. Shaping up to be a busy week,
especially for central banks. Yeah, we
got a special guest coming on. Um, so
we're talking about the Fed, obviously,
but look at look at what's happening,
right? So, we talked about, you know, so
many central banks are meeting here.
perhaps probably the more major ones
like the Fed, BOE, BOJ are all kind of
reporting and announcing their rate
decisions there in the last three days
of the week. Uh before that though,
obviously we have that side to be here
in Hong Kong. That's going to be a big
one as well. Activity data coming out.
That's going to be the next one there in
just about 15 minutes time. But yeah, it
brings a lot of discussions on really
how many more cuts are coming. I think
if they do if they don't cut obviously
this week it's going to be crazy for the
markets which people don't really expect
but it's really how they're going to
telegraph the remaining few meetings
too.
>> Yeah. Well, if you ask the markets how
many cuts are priced it's three for the
rest of this year. You have a couple of
more going into next year. But that was
the point really out of Eric Robertson
and his team
>> because to what extent will Powell and
his crew endorse anything beyond today's
meeting and to what extent will he then
pull back on the three cut expectations?
Right. And perhaps that is why Eric
Robertson and his team have put out uh
this piece on the weekend. It's it's
really part of Ivon and I's weekly
reading. U why has the dollar decline
stalled? And if you look at it, we have
been trading at the low end of the
two-month range. But as you can see, you
look at one year one year forwards for
example and to him that indicates that
the cuts might have been priced in. You
look at dollar yen, for example, which
has remained steady despite the fact
that you have had a substantial
uh uh disappearance of about 250 basis
points of rate premium on the 2-year US
and Japan. And to the point Eric is
making here, perhaps the markets are
just waiting really for the Fed chair to
just be more dovish before taking the
dollar in fact even lower. Now, as we
were just pointing out there, the Fed is
poised to of course resume cutting
interest rates as it grapples with a
slowing labor market. You have stubborn
inflation of course which is a
complication there. Uh let's get more.
Joining us here on set is John Athers
our senior editor for markets and
opinion columnist as well. John it's
nice to see you in the region.
>> It's great to be here. Sorry I'm a bit
jetlagged but I will try to be
>> I will try to be as sharp as I can.
>> You you'll you'll be fine, I'm sure.
What do you think the Fed's going to
tell us?
>> Uh well the Fed is going to cut probably
by 25 basis points. I I don't think
Powell is a naturally cautious person. I
doubt they would go for a 50 because the
inflation numbers really don't tend to
permit that. I think it will be an all
options open. I don't think we're going
to get a really clear doubbish steer. I
doubt it'll be a particularly hawkish
cut either. I don't think there'll be a
clear sign that's your lot. uh so much
we still need to find out about whether
those tariffs begin to feed through into
inflation. Um they are feeding through
into inflation in a very small way thus
far but it's it's plainly there
>> at the margin. Um it's not tariff
derangement syndrome as Steven Miran who
will be having a vote in this meeting is
described. It's to be worried about
that. It's absolute economics 101 that
that's something you need to be
concerned about. Um, so I doubt that
they will strongly commit to um, you
know, the the likely next two rate cuts
uh, at this next meeting. I I think
they'll leave their options open.
>> Yeah, there's a lot of questions on what
we're going to hear in the statement
whether it's going to focus more on the
labor market, whether it's going to
focus more on inflation. You wrote in
your latest column that the Fed is doing
what it's been told and fulfilling its
actual dual mandate, but not wisely. Why
not? Well, the was a phrase from um
Oello after he's killed Desdona and
discovered that she hadn't actually been
unfaithful to him, that he had loved not
wisely but too well. Um what's struck me
is that uh if you look at there's
actually a triple mandate. you they're
required to uh maintain inflation and
full unemployment and moderate long-term
interest rates,
>> which you tend not to think of as the
third mandate because it goes so
naturally with keeping inflation under
control. But if you look at those three
in combination, we have had for the last
year or so one of the few times when all
three of them have been below their
historical average. And in general for
the last 25 years, which is the period
when disenchantment has steadily picked
in picked up in in the US, people have
got ever less happy about the economy.
The Fed's actually been hitting its
mandates beautifully. It's all of those
three measures obviously with a
significant but not that lengthy uh
exception when they let inflation get
out of control after the pandemic have
basically been under control for 25
years. And as you can see, we wouldn't
have had two Trump election victories if
people were happy with the results.
>> So in terms of the, you know, the very
big battle that's now going on, the
political battle over the over the
independence of the Fed, the role of the
Fed, uh I think it's quite important to
recognize that it's not necessarily that
the Fed is expanding its mandate
uh or or or doing mission creep. It's
frankly if you are don't like the
inequality that is is resulting all
these various issues which are obviously
very real very painful
>> uh you don't necessarily blame the Fed
for doing that because the Fed is doing
what it's told. You actually need to
change its mandate. You need to or you
need to ask it to do even more. And and
obviously when you're getting into s
such things as who wins and who loses in
society who redistribution that's very
much the kind of thing that it really
has to be a democratically elected
politician rather than you know a nerdy
economist economist central banker who
makes that decision.
>> That that's a good point because it's
almost like and I'll use I just thought
about it now. It's almost like an AI
analogy. The Fed was programmed in a
certain way. you you almost wanted to
develop some sort of internal inference
to be able to make things out and what
that new mandate is. Almost like you
want it to be agentic AI. Yes.
>> Do we need to think about the mandate
then? Like what does that mandate need
to look like to be able to meet that new
reality?
>> Well, that the most obvious alteration,
but again, this would be weird given
that this this last US election was in
if you believe the polls probably
decided more than anything else by
people's anger about inflation taking
off. The single most obvious alteration
would be to allow in uh to be to allow
them to be more liberal about inflation
to give up on 2% talk more in terms of
3%. That begins to give you a lot more
give to try to make the people at the
worst end of the income spectra spectrum
a little worse better off. Obviously
there are many problems with doing that.
That's the most obvious way to give that
I can see. Um, the other possibility
that I find quite alarming because, you
know, historic precedents aren't that
clear, is is to actually emphasize the
borrowing costs, uh, which is the third
part of the mandate, moderate long-term
rates, which is obviously what President
Trump would like at the moment. Um and
again if the if you make it easier for
the government to borrow as much as it
likes then it becomes much easier to do
the kinds of things that that relieve
poverty we do also know what that it
does also involve forcing people to lend
to the government at uneconomic rates
and it brings with the risk of inflation
those I think are the two clearest
possibilities
>> uh they're beyond our pay grade as
journalists and perhaps beyond the pay
grade of central bankers to really you
need somebody who has been elected with
a mandate a mandate from the voters
>> to say this is what the central bank
needs to do and to accept that it's
different we've you've done what we
asked you to do and now we realize we
don't actually like the result
>> John it's great to have you here our
Bloomberg senior editor for markets and
opinion columnist John authors there
subscribers you can also check out his
latest column on the terminal and on
bloomberg.com we got plenty more ahead
this is Bloomberg
[Music]
Right, welcome back. I was told I might
need to correct myself because a few
minutes back I perhaps um unwittingly
uh blurted out that I'll see you
tomorrow when we're not done with the
show. So I apologize. I mean we will be
seeing you tomorrow still but we have
about an hour
>> program done with the show.
>> Yes.
>> Thart though. Um yeah certainly this
rally is is taking a bit of breather
here today. JP Morgan out with their
latest report there downgrading the
stock to neutral there. We've been
talking about it quite a bit. price to
perfection according to them. On the
flip side though, JP Morgan upgrading CL
to overweight and there you go, the
stock's flying here right now in
Shenzhen as well as here in Hong Kong.
We're up close to 10% for the A shares.
>> Okay, so in just over 5 minutes time,
we'll be getting the release of some
numbers coming through. This these are
the monthly activity numbers uh for the
month of August and we are expecting the
566%
uh that's year on industrial production.
Retail sales 3.8% 8%. Our BE folks think
that's about 2.9% on the lower side of
things. And of course, fixed asset
investments, which I won't have time to
get into, but um I guess we
>> we'll talk more then.
>> We'll talk more in a couple of minutes.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI about three and a half
hour into the session here. We're still
doing okay. We're half of 1% up here.
MSI CI China is up. Also, similar
measure. Of course, we are just moments
away from this data dump out of China.
Uh we did get those new home prices just
earlier on. We did see when it came to
new home prices, the drop was a bit
slower than the previous month. But when
it come to used home prices, that's
where we saw faster drops here, Dave. So
potentially more urgency for some of
these new sort of slightly, you know,
the the easing of some of the top tier
cities as home prices start actually
working now in some ways.
>> Yeah. So the inflation adjusted home
price actually was down 2.6% year and
year. That's for August. So like that
simply underscores the point was making
a couple of seconds. We should be
getting the numbers coming through as
well. And yep, here they are. And why
don't you start?
>> Okay. It seems like it is a miss
>> for almost all measures here. Just take
a look at that. Retail sales, let's
start with that. 3.4%.
>> It's a miss and all.
>> Um, which was a miss there and slower
than the previous month as well.
Industrial production, that brings up
print to 5.2%.
Also a miss. What else are you watching,
Dave?
>> Yeah. Okay. So, we're looking at
Okay. So, the retail sales year to date,
so this takes us from Jan to August is
at 4.6%. 6%. So that's slightly below
the forecast of 4.7 on retail sales. To
your point, that went actually missing
quite substantially. Let me just look at
the range of forecasts here. So from
3.8% that was the median.
Uh we came in at 3.4%. So it came in at
the low end, not completely missing the
mark completely on the low end of
forecast. Um perhaps in the point we
were making earlier on as well here
Ivonne on the on the weakness still in
the property sector and you are getting
of course their residential sales
falling 4.7%
uh property sales year to date property
investment is down close to 13% year to
date. So that's clearly still a a drag s
the jobless rate actually ticked up to
5.3% from the 5.2% 2% which was the
prior read and also and also the
estimates but yeah it simply underscores
I guess the perhaps the need to uh keep
the keep the focus on supporting and
easing as it pertains to this this
economy here.
>> Let's bring in Jinglu, Greater China,
chief economist at HSBC Global
Investment Research. Uh first glance at
these numbers, what's your take?
>> Well, it's actually a big missing across
the board. Um I think all numbers point
to the softness uh in the middle of the
year probably uh for Chinese regulators
uh policy makers who are data dependent
they look at this data and probably will
start to think about what kind of extra
policies they want to roll out
>> what would be potentially
uh new information here as far as
potential easing is concerned because
people have been calling for a a rate
cut a triple R cut does that come sooner
than you think or what else could be on
on the table. Now
>> I think a rate card is possible
especially after the feds start to uh uh
start the easing cycle again. Uh but not
so much room for recart I would argue
maybe 20 basis point. Um I think in
China it's kind of complicated in the
sense that a lot of stateowned banks
they actually need to do a lot of uh
things not entirely driven by uh
commercial purposes. M
>> so from that perspective they need some
profitability to protect such kind of
operation. I would argue we are probably
close to the uh lower end of the um uh
the interest rate. Uh however I believe
PBOC uh will do more on the liquidity
easing perspective. Um for example about
uh two weeks ago PBOC and ministry of
finance actually had the second working
group meeting talking about how to
coordinate their policym. So uh given
the recent performance uh on the bunk
market uh as well as the stock market
ready I think maybe the timing is right
for the PBOC to start the um purchase of
the treasury bonds from the secondary
market. Hm.
>> Okay. Um, in terms of what's led to this
kind of sharp slowdown, I mean, we saw
credit was also slowing, export growth
is all also falling short of forecast as
well. Where does anti-evolution fit into
that? Is that starting to show that it's
adding pressure to growth now too to
this economy?
>> Um, I think not so much yet. We have
seen a lot of um uh industrial uh
associations uh basically their own
coordination but we also know that kind
of coordination sometimes are not the
most effective. So people are still
keeping an eye on whether we're going to
get concrete measures down the road. um
the for the um anti-involution I think
uh in China's history whenever they roll
out the measures to cut the capacity
they usually will roll out uh also the
demand boosting measure so that's what
we are waiting for
>> talk to us about uh one thing you just
mentioned there bond buying in in the
secondary market I mean there was
>> speculation already going into going
into today
>> and I wonder when do you think that's
going to
And do you think we'll get a steeper
curve? Because to the point you were
earlier making as well on the banks,
they will need some incentive to keep
lending things out and a steeper curve
does that for you.
>> Yes, we actually think the um resumption
of the B buying might happen in the
fourth quarter. Um so um I think last
year they did 1.4 4 trillion in five
months and we will see some uh magnitude
similar to that especially given we will
see uh more issuance of the government
bonds going forward. Um so um uh I think
um that will definitely play the role of
steepening the curve and uh uh I I think
this is helpful for the reflation as
well.
>> What are some of the bright spots still
in this economy? Well, um last Friday,
um Ministry of Finance actually held a
press conference and during the press
conference, um the officials indicated
um uh basically determination to spend
more on things related to people's
livelihood. So, we probably will see
more um support on the consumption side,
service consumption, goods consumption,
etc. And also improvement on social
safety net. Another thing um probably
the market didn't get too excited about
is the um so-called the local government
bunk uh local government debt swap
>> that was announced last year 10 trillion
um the market was uh kind of
underimpressed because u the uh
traditional view was that this is to
help the local government help them to
uh basically len uh uh to to um lengthen
the duration to lower their interest
rates etc. But this time I think the
difference is that uh the creditors to
the local government tend to be the real
economy. The different kind of uh uh
enterprises uh like we talked to uh ses
we talked to foreign companies they all
uh face this kind of problem as well. So
if uh they start to frontload next
year's 2.8 trillion of the uh bunk swap
uh quota they can eventually inject the
liquidity into the real economy. So that
can solve the problem of the overall uh
lower economic velocity. So I think
that's quite helpful.
>> Any early signs of actually let me let
me just set up the question before I ask
it. U we're almost going into a year
since the PBOC
>> came out with that big bazooka. It was
almost a year ago when they had the
press briefing and they cut rates just
across the board live on our shows. And
you know we were kind of
>> there. You were there. That's right.
That's right.
>> I remember. Yes.
>> Well, that's right. Yes.
>> Yes.
>> What's what's changed since then? Very
simple question. In what way has the
economy improved since that point in
time 12 months ago?
>> To be honest, I think the economy might
be facing more pressure right now,
especially given the volatile external
um uh environment. Okay.
>> Uh however, I think when we look at the
stock market performance, sometimes
people get confused. How come there's a
decoupling? I think when we talk to
policy makers and investors on shore the
clear message is that uh um this uh time
it might be more um stable in a sense
that we haven't seen the crazy u uh
behavior by the retail investors yet. A
lot of the rally seem to be uh led by
the institutional investors rotation
from bond to stock. Um and also when we
talk to officials they seem to be quite
rational in terms of uh uh how they want
to develop the uh stock market in the
long term
>> and seems like policymakers are somewhat
more tolerant of a stronger RMBB. Why do
you think that is?
>> Yeah, that's right. I think basically
China in the middle is in the middle of
the rebalancing. We need to boost the
consumption at the same time um deal
with the over capacity issue in some
sectors and this rebalancing actually uh
mirror the rebalancing uh the US is
doing. Um so in the process um probably
slightly stronger than maybe will help
in terms of boosting the purchasing
power.
>> Okay. Uh Jing Leo of course is staying
with us out of HSBC Global Investment
Research. Lots more to talk about. We'll
be looking of course at the property
market specifically as well and I guess
where that conversation goes. I mean
just to go mention as well as we go into
a fresh trading week and you know we are
looking at a fair amount of event risk
out there central bank decisions left
and right 36 hours of goodness as Ivonne
was just phrasing of course I'm taking
the goodness I'm I'm injecting the
goodness there. I think there's a
different phrasing that Ivan mentioned
earlier on and I think as far as Chinese
markets go in case you missed it there's
multiple uh this meltup in PE that
you've seen because of the rally right
so we're now trading at about 12 which
well 13 and effectively that takes us
back to about 3 four years ago one sigma
above the median and of course at what
point do earnings then come in now all
that being said liquidity seems to be
enough to deliver this rally so far CHL
is also one that we're tracking going
>> we're getting more from this JP Morgan
upgrade now. So basically what we're
seeing the eight shares are heading for
a record
>> on the back of what we've been hearing.
So JP Morgan upgrading the stock
basically saying strong earnings outlook
for the Chinese battery leader on the
back of energy storage systems or ESS
demand they say. So that certainly is
what so they're raising their earnings
estimates by 10% uh of this year and
next to the highest on the street. So
therefore that's why you're seeing the
stock doing so well here today. CL TL A
shares are up 13.5%.
So there you go. Price target is now at
530 Hong Kong dollars 480 for the A
shares as well. So that's about 25 and
50% potential upside.
>> Wow.
>> Respectively.
>> Okay. Well, let's hope they're right if
you're if you're long if you're long on
the stock. I mean, so far you're already
13% of the way into that as well. But
yeah, I mean uh Wendy Leo who joined us
earlier on shows of course it overseas
broader strategy for for JP Morgan and
basically this is really one area
battery materials is really one area
where she thinks anti-involution has
either started to show up and will
further show up as far as these markets
go. Okay. Uh for our Bloomberg clients
TL IV go on your terminals for the
latest um context of course on all the
numbers that have come through as well.
More on this in a moment. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, welcome back. Despite the
the the obvious notion that Ivonne and I
are perfect,
um sometimes we
make mistakes and this is we need to
issue a correction is the point we're
trying to make here. So earlier we
mentioned that the data actually missed
all estimates and the small nuance to
note there is that the data point missed
consensus across the board on all
metrics. It did not miss all estimates
which is something different of course
which is when you look at the bell curve
and the range and so it didn't come in
at the very tail end
>> of the left side if you're a statistical
geek
>> but yes anyway it was below
>> the average below the below the median
>> and yes okay
>> just to clarify that but yes every every
single segment basically what we saw
there uh was a miss from the consensus
estimates there all right let's talk a
little bit more about trade talks of
course and how this all fits into the
whole economic picture So, US and
Chinese delegations are set to resume
talks in Madrid on Monday after the
first day of meetings covered issues
including trade and the fate of Tik Tok
in the US. Now, President Trump says the
talks are going fine, but that Tik Tok's
fate will be determined by Beijing's
actions.
>> They're negotiating Tik Tok right now.
We may let it die or we may I don't
know. It depends. Up to China. It
doesn't matter too much. I'd like to uh
do it for the kids. They like it. I
mean, selfishly speaking, I did very
well in Tik Tok and I got the youth
vote.
>> All right, let's bring in our chief
Malaysia correspondent, Stephen Engel.
He's here with us here. So, we got
through day one.
>> What's in store for day two?
>> Well, probably more trade talks, maybe
even trying to push uh the ball forward
on the Tik Tok issue. And people are
asking well why Tik Tok so high on the
agenda when of course trade talks
national security which are also
discussed uh they are more pressing
issues perhaps to kind of elongate this
truce which by the way this 90-day truce
that we're in right now uh is extended
until November 10th. So another deadline
is coming up. But I think there's just a
little bit more urgency with Tik Tok
because there is a US imposed deadline
of this week uh to get a deal done with
China on Tik Tok to find a US owner.
Otherwise, it could potentially be shut
down in the United States. It also could
be because this trip or these meetings,
two-day meetings, which will resume
again Monday in Monday morning in Spain,
are really laying the groundwork for a
potential meeting between Donald Trump
and Xiinping. Whether that's going to be
at the end of August, October, excuse
me, uh on the sidelines of APEC, maybe
even on the sidelines of the AEAN summit
in um Koala or in Malaysia and then or
in between somewhere. So again, there's
about 5 weeks or so until the potential
meeting. Uh and they're going to be
looking for deliverables. Uh what can
Xiinping uh claim a victory about with
Donald Trump at that summit? What can
Donald Trump claim a victory? Could they
come to an agreement on TikTok? I would
say that's even though it's going to be
a very difficult deal to happen, Donald
Trump has already indicated he's willing
to let it die. Um, but if they can find
some sort of agreement, that could be
something that both sides could claim
some sort of victory that they reached
consensus. They got a deal done. Tik Tok
stays alive in the United States. But I
I'm getting ahead of myself. Well, I
mean we it it could have actually gotten
off to a rocky start because it is
separate news, but related certainly
that China was looking into chips. What
do we know about that specifically?
>> So, the Ministry of Commerce has
announced in Beijing essentially two new
investigations. Uh one into anti-dumping
uh allegations against uh the United
States for analog IC chips. They're not
the cutting edge chips uh technology,
but they are in many different products
from smartphones to EVs to medical
imaging devices and many more. So, we'll
have to watch this and see how this
affects. But these are the kind of
products that are sold by Texas
Instruments and also analog devices. Uh
a couple of companies in that in that
space. The other one is a broader
investigation, sort of an
anti-discrimination probe into the White
House's policies towards China on its
own domestic chip companies and whether
it is a discriminatory actions by the
United States to forbid the sale of
chips like Nvidia to China. So, we're
going to definitely watch this one. But
it's it's it's interesting because it
came on the eve of those talks in Spain.
could have kind of gotten those talks
off on a rocky start because as well the
United States added 23 Chinese companies
to its entity list uh just the day
before that too. So tit for tat action
by the US and China
>> weekend but news never sleeps. Steve,
thank you so much. Uh Stephen Angel, a
chief North Asia uh correspondent there.
Now as far as the data goes, so we're
getting more context on this slight tick
up in the unemployment rate. So the
national beer statistics has is
commenting that the unemployment is up
slightly because incorrectly it is
graduation season. So perhaps more uh
people coming into the labor force.
Context is really key here. Uh let's
bring in I'll bring back in Jing Leo of
course still with us here on set.
Greater the China chief economist at
HSBC uh global investment research.
What's the external picture looking like
for China? because you mentioned, you
know, things actually would have been
doing better uh were it not for the
tariff conversation, but you know, this
is the situation we're in. How do you
think exports will hold up in the fourth
quarter given everything that Steve just
was just pointing out there? Well, I
think for the remaining of the year
export will look more difficult because
uh the export um was supported by not
necessarily China's frontloading export
into the US because we see the number
actually keep uh dropping over the past
several months but at the same time
before the a uh the August tariff on
other nations finalized we do see um in
other countries they actually had this
front loading
um kind of activity and through that
some of them might need to import the
intermediate goods capital goods from
China and some people suspect there's
some trans shipment but I I don't think
we have uh um smoking gun evidence one
way or the other um going forward I
think basically the um payback of the
front loading for all economies going
into the US and uh recently we see the
US survey suggests that the consumer uh
sentiment seem to um soften a touch. I
think those will add pressure to the
export uh going forward.
>> I think our our team has been talking
about in this data that the slump in
investment which might be the big
surprise only half of 1%
so far this year which they say is
actually the second worst result on
record only exceeded by 2020 which is
the first year of the pandemic. M
>> why do you think that's do trade
tensions factor into that and why do we
see this slump in investment and are
there any policies that need to be put
in place to really spark a recovery now
>> I think August we we did see some
extreme weather condition in Hong Kong
we got quite some u black rain I
remember and definitely the
>> more than a few black rains
>> yeah the greater bay area and one of the
production base um actually was hit the
same so that plays some role in extreme
weather condition in other parts of the
country as well. At the same time, um
the uncertainty on the trade side
actually put a lot of entrepreneurs and
business owners on hold. They want to
have a clear picture before they make
their move. I actually heard quite some
of the executives saying that uh as long
as they have certainty in terms of what
the future tariff map look like, they'll
work it out. Uh but they just couldn't
afford rejiging their supply chain every
other year. So this uh uncertainty has
actually got a lot of people um and I
think that's reflected on the investment
as well and obviously anti-involution
uh and also the kind of trying to ring
in the local government's uh behavior
especially in providing certain kind of
incentive prevential treatment in trying
to uh getting the business set up and
invest that might play a role as well
and property. Yeah, this is a old topic
we have been uh discussing for the past
several years.
>> Yeah, 24 plus months now I believe of of
the property story. Are there any early
signs that inflation expectations
specifically are starting to be become
anchored from from the downside? I think
uh the August uh PPI months on months
data hitting zero that one actually uh
is a bit surprising to us uh because
when we look at the previous round of
the supply side reform actually it took
three months um uh between I mean uh I
let me take it back took three months
when they announced they're going to
engage in the um uh capacity reduction
and then we finally see PPI months on
months flip to zero but this time they
set it in July um I mean people take it
seriously and August the expectation
already u lifted to the other side and
um actually recently I got some
questions from u my institutional
investor they asked me whether I worry
about China exporting inflation this is
probably way ahead of curve but if um
yeah the anti-involution if it plays out
China might be uh going to the uh
inflation side um next year or the year
after
>> and and when do they you think start to
export inflation? So if it's two one two
years down the road where inflation
comes back when does the rest of the
world need to start looking out for any
signs of that is that
>> I think it will be one to two years down
the road. um we will see need to see the
concrete measures on the anti-involution
um sector by sector and then we when
those get filtered into um I think we
will start to see the reflation.
>> Jinglu, thank you. Greater China, chief
economist at HSBC Global Investment
Research. We got plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right. Uh, you know, it's a big
story when we talk about it because we
don't normally do it. The Hong Kong
dollar, which obviously is a is a peg,
um, is actually moving quite a bit
within, of course, its bounds. And we're
looking at some strength coming through
there. And, you know, a lot of it also
maybe has to do with the fact that the
Fed's coming up, positioning ahead of
that, strengthening as you can see quite
visibly. Watch highore in the next hour
around this time because this one has
actually come back in a big way from
about 1% in early August to now north of
3% right now. But in my head, this is
the China show.
[Music]
All right, welcome back to the China
show. Here's a look at the HSI, how it's
doing here today. Of course that press
briefing in Beijing with the Bureau of
Statistics is going on to as well after
what we saw when it came to the August
activity data where basically you know
every sort of segment was basically
missing consensus estimates there and
quite steep as well I think how
investment fixed asset investment was
only half a percent uh this year as well
and retail sales and the like all really
missing uh the median estimates there.
So certainly a lot of questions from the
press here this morning. Yeah, and more
context coming through. Right. So on the
unemployment rate, the NBS is coming out
and saying it is graduation season.
Hence, of course, what was behind that
uptick uh in the unemployment rate uh as
you see markets initially
weakened off highs and as you can see
we're bouncing back in and of course
we're up 310 to 1%. I've yet to actually
look at index constituency at this point
in time about an hour into the session.
Just keep in mind also we're coming off
the best week uh on MEI China going back
about six months or so, right? So the
tide has certainly turned. Momentum is
still there. I think we're now looking
at 12 days, not Christmas, not just yet.
12 days of net southbound inflows. There
we go. Going into it was 11 going into
today. It should be 12 right now if this
continues. Asia-Pacific X Japan because
Japan is of course shut today. Although
of course you are seeing a flat move
there. S&P futures and I believe we have
a central bank decision this week which
we've talked about so I won't spend more
time on that. As far as sectors go,
yeah, it looks to be evenly split across
that. Your your your big potential
catalyst would be if if the Fed gives us
reason to sell the dollar off, then that
might provide a further platform for
risk assets to on which to rally. Okay,
let's get more context on what's going
on here across these Chinese markets.
About an hour into the cash market
session. Winnie Shu is with us here, our
Asia equities reporter to talk us
through what's the coverage like today.
What are you guys looking at? Yeah, you
really see that the market is brushing
off all these weak data, but actually we
saw something very similar just last
week when we had the weak CPI data,
right? So, it really seems like right
now less kind of focusing on the
fundamentals and more on these sectoral
um factors, especially with the hype
around the AI theme right now. And that
has really pushed markets higher last
week. So, that still continues to be
what's likely to drive the market
further at this point. Whether it's yes
that optimism around that front or that
liquidity that we talked about just now
about the very strong southbound inflow
as well as foreign investors interest
right last week we talked about how
Morgan Stanley sees the highest US
investor interest in Chinese stocks
since 2021. So overall the sentiment
whether it's for the global markets
translating into Chinese market
expectation for the Fed to cut rate and
hence more room for the PBOC to cut that
has all been like um kind of supporting
the the markets here whether it's
offshore or on onshore in China and yeah
less less of kind of the concerns around
the macro weakness and um actually on
the flip side maybe expecting more more
stimulus and more consumption on that
front because of the weak macro.
>> Tell us about PopMart because JP Morgan
seems to be really driving a lot of the
price action with not just PopMart today
but also when it comes to CL.
>> Let's focus on PopMart.
>> Yeah, exactly. So, you know, they're
they're cutting the the ratings here
right now talking about the lack of
stimula uh the lack of catalyst and I
think that really reflects kind of the
broader um rotation that we're seeing
right right now here in China. Yes, we
are seeing lots of stocks really have
been surging in the past few uh months,
weeks um on these topics, whether it's
the new consumption trade, uh whether
it's the anti-involution and these big
themes driving the stocks up so much and
we're kind of in this um kind of
consolidation phase right now. Now that
the overall market has rallied so much,
what are we looking for next, right?
Yes, we talked about overall week um
macro but actually we have that catalyst
coming up in October the fourth platinum
that people are looking forward to. So
ahead of that we are likely to see just
some overall profit taking off the
stocks that have risen a lot but also um
investors looking into the new pockets
that they might be um seeing some
opportunities especially with the AI
front and the potential policy of
pushing for further for further um
innovation. So yes, we have a a set of
weak um data that came out today, but um
the focus right now is really turning to
what set of new data we might see for
third quarter GDP in October and the set
of highfrequency data in September to
help investor gauge if this weakness in
the overall macroeconomy is likely to
continue or not.
>> U so we talked about POM, can I ask you
about BYD? 45 billion wipeout. We're not
trading at 108. I think we hit a low
almost of about 100. Uh if I could ask
my producers to bring up chart 1043
tracks consensus ratings and we're
coming off highs there. We're now
looking at a 4 and a half which
effectively looks at now the split of
analysts who are bullish in the stock is
well still bullish but not as bullish as
before. What can you tell us?
>> Right. So actually we saw the the uh
Hong Kong listed shares actually tumbled
more than 30% from that all-time high
from about four months ago. So the
pressure here right now is that price
competition, right? So we we saw
actually from earnings as well that the
the stocks that have been struggling
with these this type of um price
competition have been really um struggle
to impress investors as well. So again
that speaks to the broader um situation
here that uh there is a split in terms
of um kind of companies that are able to
monetize AI able to show that in their
profit margin and companies or more
traditional ones that continue to
struggle with that ongoing price
competition whether it be in the EV
sector or food delivery. And that
divergence is starting to emerge more
and more as we can tell from the 2Q
quarter earnings. So we are likely to
see investors to continue to kind of
shift money away from industries or
companies that cannot um kind of keep up
with their adding their value or to um
boost their their um development in AI
and shifting away from those that
struggle with price competition. Winnie,
thank you. Winnie Shu there, our Asia
equities reporter on what things are
moving uh in East China's market here
today. Well, staying in the EV sector as
as Winnie mentioned there, China says it
also plans to stabilize growth in the
automobile industry amid rising
competition and insufficient demand.
That's according to a statement posted
by the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology. Let's bring in
Katrina Nicholas who leads our Asia
transport coverage here on what more do
we know about the stabilization plan and
whether it's going to work or not? Well,
I think that's the interesting point
because if you look at the dynamics that
have been playing out in China's EV
sector for almost the last 3 years now,
we've had this continuous intense price
competition. You know, it really kicked
off in early 2023. Tesla was leading the
charge back then. Since then, you would
have to say BYD has really been the
culprit. They've been leading this price
cuts after price cuts in the market.
Paradoxically, you'd think that would be
encouraging for consumers to buy EVs,
and there has been some of that. But
also, we've seen consumers go, you know
what, if the price is going to be just a
little bit cheaper next month, I'll hold
off. I was sitting on the fence anyway.
I'm not going to buy an EV just yet. And
so, you've also seen weakening consumer
demand. At the same time, there's a lot
of overcapacity in China's sector. There
are factories that are just not being
utilized to the extent they are. And so,
against that backdrop, the government is
trying to step in to stabilize the
market. So, you're seeing initiatives
like cracking down on advertising. And
there's been a quite a lot of exuberant
advertising about what EVs can do and
autonomous driving. And so the
government has really ratcheted that
back, dialed that back. They're also
looking into things like EV insurance,
making it easy for people to insure
their cars because often insuring an EV
is more expensive. The premiums are
higher and also really trying to
encourage EV uptake in rural areas
because if you think about Beijing or
you think about Shanghai, EV adoption
rates there are quite high. you know 50%
of new car sales sometimes but in the
rural areas and there's vast amounts of
those in China EV uptake is not so
pronounced so that's what I think these
measures are trying to do
>> I mean separately but on the same
broader industry what is this about Hong
Kong pitching itself to be
>> some production hub some sort of
production hub for EVs what do we know
about that exercise
>> this this is really interesting against
this backdrop of a huge amount of over
capacity in China
>> why would you want Hong Kong to suddenly
be spitting out more EVs. I mean, to my
mind, it doesn't make a lot of sense. I
think what we're hearing is that it will
probably be a final assembly line if
something happens like that in Hong
Kong. So, you're not going to see a
massive, you know, production factory
from go to WO, which of course requires
an immense amount of auto suppliers
around that. That's a huge investment.
Takes many, many years to get these
things up and running. So, I don't think
that's what we're looking at in Hong
Kong. Potentially, it's more of a just a
final assembly. Maybe some automakers
are thinking they could use Hong Kong as
a beach head to export into other parts
of Southeast Asia.
>> But again, I come back to the
overcapacity that is already, you know,
a big big problem in mainland China.
It's it's curious to me why why they
would want to encourage this.
>> Katrina, nice to see you by the way here
on Katrina Nicholas there, of course,
who leads our Asia transport coverage on
both those two stories. Okay. Uh uh the
other piece of news of course which came
out this morning was 10 cents and we
understand that 10 cents is has now
appointed banks for its first
potentially its first bond offering in
in four years. The move certainly comes
as amid this increased fundraising
activity in tech sector. We talked
massively about Alibaba last week.
Robert Lee from Liberal Intelligence is
here with us to help us understand this
window of opportunity. You know raise
money when you can and not when you need
it as they say.
>> Yes. Uh I think the expression is feed
the ducks when they're quacking. Um so
yeah given expectations for reduction in
rates led by the Fed as you said and
with strong equity prices it's a
fantastic environment um to raise debt
particularly if it's a convertible bond
although in contrast to the CB that we
saw issued by Alibaba last week 10 cent
is announced plans to issue a series of
more conventional bonds up to a total
value or cumulative value of around $30
billion over the next 12 months.
What do you think the proceeds are going
to be used for? And does does Tensa
really need it?
>> Yeah. Well, I'll answer the second
question first. Yes, it's a highly cash
generative company. They tend to keep a
more neutrally geared balance sheet. So,
by that I mean their debt roughly
offsets their um cash reserves. So, you
know, from an accounting point of uh
view, that's more of a neutally geared
balance sheet. And I think given they
are inherently cash generative and
throwing off a ton of cash at the
moment. Uh plus obviously with recent
repayments um then I think what they're
announcing today should be seen in the
context of ongoing uh you know good
fiscal prudent financial management of
the business. But the obvious uh use for
the proceeds is obviously AI um
particularly capex related to their data
centers. I think most of that will be
focused on internal usage and on
consensus numbers this year just to give
people some context. Um Tenten will
invest around 15 billion US in capex. So
this 30 billion placement assuming it
happens over the next 12 months will go
towards funding that.
>> I mean similar to I I can't help but
think about how Alibaba is doing the
same thing. And it sort of in your mind
which one is a better company that's
better positioned to take advantage of
AI? Yeah, we're just tying into the
conversation you've just had on EVs and
as you've heard me say once or twice
before, they're all doing the same
thing, aren't they? So, um there's a lot
of capacity on the AI front going in at
the moment, both on the data center uh
data center side and also with ongoing
investments in AI. So, there still
remains a huge question mark as to how
these companies will differentiate
themselves and monetize in the long run.
But I think 10 cents um strategy in AI
in contrast to Alibaba is lower risk
there. uh looking to utilize AI
internally to drive cost savings and
synergies across their business that's
more likely to generate near-term
returns. I would say Alibaba's strategy
more focused on external clients um is
more speculative in nature particularly
as they're gunning for AGI so uh
artificial general intelligence which is
I think as I've said before I don't
think can be achieved in with the
current generation of AI models um and
as we've seen with Alibaba as well um
yeah topline growth in their cloud
intelligence intelligence business is
very strong but there's a lot of margin
pressure there and again we're arguing
that The potential upside on cloud
intelligence at the bottom line is not
big enough to move the needle at a group
perspective. Alibaba's earnings remain
driven by e-commerce and as we know
again over capacity there's a lot of
competition there.
>> All right, Robert Lee our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst but the
stock still up another day 3.8%. You're
watching how long it's actually been up
Dave.
>> Yeah, so we're now up seven days longest
win streak for Alibaba going back to
2020 July 2020. That's quite a quite a
run. 155 bucks a pop. Okay, Lady
Morhead. This is the China show,
[Music]
right? This K-pop story keeps giving.
The win streak now as far as the South
Korean Cosby index is concerned is now
extending
to a 10th session. Yeah, double digits
now. Longest win streak going back about
6 years or so. And perhaps the news this
morning on the encouraging side of
things, uh this decision of course to
abandon this plans around the capital
gains tax perhaps furthering the the
case for the bulls. It's certainly the
ma first major policy reversal from the
president since he took office back in
June. Let's bring in Yukyouong Lee, our
stocks reporter, to help us understand
what this roll back actually means to
the politics at play here. Yukyouong.
>> Yeah, sure. So this was the major first
uh policy reversal we've seen since the
president Yamyong took office in June
and it highlights the challenges for his
administration as they try to meet
competing demands conflicting demands uh
including the political commitment to
this Cosby 5000 campaign they had during
the election and also they have this
growing need to increase tax revenue
because they have uh they have passed
the stimulus measure and they want to
give more consumption coupons uh to
boost consumption in South Korea and to
counter the slowdown, economic slowdown
um perhaps hit by the US tariffs. So all
these shows some of the challenges that
this administration is facing but
clearly the drop of the plan shows that
uh seems like the market is reading the
commitment from the administration to
continue forward with their um earlier
pledges to lift the stock market so that
the benchmark Cosby can reach 5,000
through cooperative reforms and some of
the more market friendly measures from
the administration. So we're seeing some
of those proxies of those reform
measures also rising such as the holding
companies and the local brokerages that
can benefit from more inflow and
turnover by the retail investors. And
one thing I also want to highlight is
that this reversal also shows this power
of retail investors. The 14 million
about a third of the local household
like how much influence they have in
this $2 trillion stock markets is is is
clearly clearly shown in this in this
move by the government. It it seems to
be representing both the risk and the
opportunities for Lee.
>> Yeah. They call them the ants, right?
the these retail investors that make up
what twothirds of daily stock market
turnover in this market. Tell us a bit
more about that. Um how influential are
retail investors in in this market?
>> Yeah, so they are definitely one of the
core supporter uh core voter base for
South Korean politics. the 14 million
out of this 50 million population they
are the ones who have skin in the game
and that's why they were really strongly
opposed to this when this tax plan was
announced which they fear will spark
further sellup so there one of the
complaint was that South Korean stock
market has been consistently trading
market not the type of the buy and hold
market and wi if the government goes
ahead with this plan they will see
severe selloff from the super ants or
the investors holding large amount of
stocks in the local stock market selling
their holdings to to avoid uh paying
more taxes at the end of the year. So
with this plan withdrawn um it seems
like they are they are relieved for now.
I mean overall though uh it's been the
foreign um investor who have been
driving this rally in the Cosby uh so
far. So uh the retail investor has been
a little bit hesitant. So we we're we'll
probably see in the coming months
whether this move will bring this
domestic investor back to the local
equity market and could add more fuel to
this rally more than 40% so far this
year.
>> It's been amazing. Uh Yokun, thank you
so much. Our Bloomberg stocks reporter
Yokun Lee there joining us out of our
soul bureau. In some other news this
morning, we're watching very closely
sources saying that 10 cent has
recruited a prominent artificial
intelligence researcher from open AI.
The Chinese firm is said to have hired
Yaoan Yu to work on integrating AI into
its services. His LinkedIn account says
he has worked with OpenAI and Google.
Now, firms have battled fiercely for
talent this year, and this would be one
of the most high-profile affections from
the US to China. Apple has delayed the
launch of its iPhone Air in mainland
China due to what it calls regulatory
approval issues. The company's China
website on Friday displayed a message
stating release information will be
updated later and that all models will
be released after approval. Apple
previously said the new product would
become available for pre-order from
September 12th. And Sony's Demon Slayer
has set a new box office record for
Japanese anime in the US and Canada. The
film brought in $70 million and
surpassing the previous 31 million
record set by Pokemon in 1999. Based on
a Japanese comic book series, Demon
Slayer has already grossed about $280
million worldwide going into the
weekend. I thought we were talking about
K-pop demon hunters, but no, this is
another demon sort of movie.
>> Yeah. Leveraging on the name, which is
something
>> anything demon related, I think, is
doing well.
>> Yeah. Well, go upside certainly not
downside there. looking at that. Looking
at uh Kimetsu no yaiba I think I'm
looking at the internet now for that but
pay no attention to me plenty more ahead
this is blooper.
[Music]
I think when we talk to policy makers
and investors on shore the clear message
is that uh um this uh time it might be
more um stable in a sense that we
haven't seen the crazy u uh behavior by
the retail investors yet a lot of the
rally seem to be uh led by the
institutional investors rotation from
bond to stock given that institutions
care about macro data care about EPS. Uh
so I think this sort of a rally will be
more step-like you know be calibrated on
the fundamentals. So I think it's
becoming a more mature market.
>> Woody Louu from JP Morgan and Jinglu
from HSBC there speaking to us earlier
about this recent equity rally and
really it's not because of the herd
mentality. It's not because of the
retail participation this time around.
It's not Korea
>> and this makes it a little bit more
longlasting this rally potentially.
Yeah, it's it's different this time
around. And I think one of the phrases
that Wendy used there was in 2015,
uh, the retail investor was unshackled.
>> Unshackled.
>> Unshackled. And now they're shackled in
a way because they tend to come in at
the end of the rally.
>> I guess once you
>> if you prevent them from coming in in a
big way that might act well, the joke
was it might then, you know, prolong the
bull market. At some point though, they,
you know, valuations need to matter. And
I think the other point that, uh, that
Wendy was making earlier on was on the
global investor, right? that the big
picture they some seem to be missing the
big picture in China. They're looking
for growth. It's not a growth play um as
it used to be. It's it's theatics. It's
all these little trades, these
opportunities on shore that people need
to be paying attention. Maybe don't be
so obsessed with the the macro picture
which you know as according to what we
saw in August which continue to show a
sharp slowdown uh once again right when
we when you talk about every single me
the segment was basically missing
consensual consensus estimates there uh
by a substantial sort of drops too so
certainly that is some ways showing that
nothing really has quite changed in the
macro front in some ways but maybe
adding more urgency for more stimulus
right I think there's there's a lot of
chatter now the government might have to
step in the bond market for example and
start buying uh to stabilize the bond
market there just given the equity
rallied as well.
>> That's what HBC said because rate cuts
don't quite do the same job in China as
they do in in other parts of the world,
right? So that might lead to a
steepening in the curve. And by the way,
the the fact that China's yield curve
has not steepened as much as its peers
is probably also one of the reasons why
the equity market has has done well. Uh
NIPAC check
is a function you run for clients to get
an update of the Chinese economy. Um and
I'm looking at that specific screen
right now because you are getting some
lines coming through out of the National
Bureau of Statistics uh commenting on
addressing disorderly competition
uh and also commenting as far as the CPI
is concerned that factors driving CPI
are expected they they do see some
visibility around that of course turning
uh to the upside. Okay. Uh very briefly
before we uh turn the page and I'm
correct now. I'll see you all tomorrow.
A brief look at markets. We're looking
at Hibborn in the next hour as this one
visibly has picked up from the lows that
we hit back this time last month. We're
now north of 3%. Plenty more ahead here
on Bloomberg Television.
[Music]